Contributing:

BunnyBSD needs contributors like you! You can help advance BunnyBSD. We need lots of people for help with contributation.
We need: Hackers/Bug hunters, Developers, and Maintainers. 
If you would like to help with contributation on BunnyBSD, simply create a pull request, change the code or modify it, and then finally merge with the main BunnyBSD repository.

Hackers/Bug hunters: Hello, I am jyomama28, I am the head developer of BunnyBSD and I need your help! 
If you would like to assist with the development of BunnyBSD you can start right away! 
You may look through all the source code to help us hunt for bugs and vulnrabillities that need to be patched. 
Once you believe you have found a bug/exploit/vulnrabittly you can go ahead and make a post in the issues tab. 
All things pertaining to finding exploits/bugs/vulnrabillities must be put in the issues tab and labeled as a bug/exploit/vulnrabillity. 
You must provide written evidence and a proof of concept. You must be able to demonstrate or show the bug/exploit/vulnrabillity. 
Once you have found a bug I or any other developer will go through and patch it.
**WARNING: ANYTHING WRITTEN BY AI, SPOTTED BY AI WILL RESULT IN A AUTOMATIC DECLINE AND I WILL REFUSE TO LOOK AT YOUR ISSUE IF I CAN TELL YOU USED AI.**

Developers: Hello developers! I need your help! If you would like to assist with the development of BunnyBSD simply create a pull request, fix, modify, or change the code and then get your changes reviewed. 
I will look at the changes and either accept or decline a request to merge it with the main repository. 
Please keep in mind that absolutley ANY usage of AI will result in a automatic decline. If I decline your merge request then I will make sure to tell you why and always provide you a description.

Maintainers: Hello maintainers! I need your help! If you would like to assist with maintiang things such as issues, bugs, or merge requests please feel free to help! 
If you would like to become a maintainer of BunnyBSD then please send me an email at: jyomama28@gmail.com so I can give you the nessesary permissions to change/look at things on the BunnyBSD repository.
